Add conventions on stack names (#60)
alphagov/govuk-docker: README.md

      * Rake task to [create a test taxon](https://github.com/alphagov/whitehall/blob/master/lib/tasks/taxonomy.rake#L11) for publishing is not idempotent
      * Placeholder images don't work as missing proxy for [/government/assets](https://github.com/alphagov/whitehall/blob/master/app/presenters/publishing_api/news_article_presenter.rb#L133)

## Stacks

Each service provides a number of different 'stacks' which you can use to run
the app. To provide consistency we have a convention for these names:

- **lite**: This stack provides only the minimum number of dependencies to run

>   the app. This is useful for running the tests, or a Rails console, for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the application code. This is useful for running the tests, or a Rails console, for
```

  console, for example. It won't be useful for opening the app in a browser.
- **app**: This stack provides the dependencies necessary to run the app in the
  browser. Variations on this are allowed where necessary such as **app-e2e** (
  for the end to end environment) and **app-draft** (for connecting the app to
  the GOV.UK draft stack).

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we can call out the variations explicitly?

```suggestion
- **draft**: if the application uses the content-store, this stack will point to the [draft content-store](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/content-preview.html)
- **live**: if the app is a read-only frontend app, the live stack will point the production versions of content-store and search-api.  
```

Author: Sure, I've amended with that.
